Add donation page (#24)
LibrePCB/LibrePCB.github.io: content/donate/index.md

---
title: Donate to LibrePCB
type: donate
---

LibrePCB is an open source project – it's made by the community, for the
community. This means that everyone can use LibrePCB without paying for it.

> But if you like LibrePCB, please consider supporting the ongoing development of

Reviewer: I'd drop the "But".

Reviewer: Heh and I'm only 4 days late, whats wrong with me :laughing:

Author: Yep, too late ;)

> But if you like LibrePCB, please consider to support the development of LibrePCB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But if you like LibrePCB, please consider suporting the ongoing development of LibrePCB
```

Author: Haha, a typo in the suggestion^^

Reviewer 2: Haha :D
